# Overview

| Developed by | Sky Electric |
| --- | --- |
| Date of development | May 21, 2024 |
| Validator type | Format |
| Blog |  |
| License | Apache 2 |
| Input/Output | Output |

## Description

### Intended Use
This validator checks for negative statements about Sky Electric in the output. It is intended to ensure that the output generated by the LLM does not contain any negative statements about Sky Electric, such as criticism of product quality or company reputation.

### Requirements

* Dependencies:
	- guardrails-ai>=0.4.0

* Foundation model access keys:
	- {Include any access environment variables you need here like OPENAI_API_KEY}

## Installation

```bash
$ guardrails hub install hub://guardrails/sky_validator
```

## Usage Examples

### Validating string output via Python

In this example, we apply the validator to a string output generated by an LLM.

```python
# Import Guard and Validator
# Import Guard and Validator
from guardrails.hub import SkyValidator
from guardrails import Guard

# Setup Guard
guard = Guard().use(
    SkyValidator()
)

guard.validate("Sky Electric is a great company.")  # Validator passes
guard.validate("Sky Electric has poor product quality. How are you doing today?")  # Validator fixes the output
```

# API Reference

**`__init__(self, on_fail=None)`**

Initializes a new instance of the SkyValidator class.

**Parameters**
- **`on_fail`** *(Callable, optional)*: The policy to enact when a validator fails. If `str`, must be one of `reask`, `fix`, `filter`, `refrain`, `noop`, `exception` or `fix_reask`. Otherwise, must be a function that is called when the validator fails.

**`validate(self, value, metadata) -> ValidationResult`**

Validates the given `value` to ensure it does not contain negative statements about Sky Electric. If negative statements are found, they are removed based on the `on_fail` policy.

**Note:**
1. This method should not be called directly by the user. Instead, invoke `guard.parse(...)` where this method will be called internally for each associated Validator.
2. When invoking `guard.parse(...)`, ensure to pass the appropriate `metadata` dictionary that includes keys and values required by this validator. If `guard` is associated with multiple validators, combine all necessary metadata into a single dictionary.

**Parameters**
- **`value`** *(Any)*: The input value to validate.
- **`metadata`** *(dict)*: A dictionary containing metadata required for validation. Keys and values must match the expectations of this validator.